README.md, before:

# traffic
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/uk-traffic.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/uk-traffic)
![Node.js CI](https://github.com/AlexChesters/traffic/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

A Node module to provide access to UK traffic information

# Prerequisities
Node 12.x

# Installation
`npm install uk-traffic --save`

# API
First you must obtain a reference to the module:
```javascript
const traffic = require('uk-traffic')
```

# Examples
There are some example uses of the library in the [`examples/`](./examples)
directory

## Properties

#### Incidents
```javascript
traffic.incidents(region: REGION?) : Promise
```
Takes a [region](#region), returns a promise containing an array of [events](#event).

#### Roadworks
```javascript
traffic.roadworks(region: REGION?) : Promise
```
Takes a [region](#region), returns a promise containing an array of [events](#event).

## Data Types
### Region
A Region is a constant representing a region which can be used to
narrow down results. The following is a list of valid regions:
* `SOUTH_EAST`
* `SOUTH_WEST`
* `EASTERN`
* `WEST_MIDLANDS`
* `EAST_MIDLANDS`
* `NORTH_WEST`
* `NORTH_EAST`

### Event
An Event is the standard data type returned by the module for all
functions. See below for an example; all keys will be present, but they may have
`undefined` or `null` values.
```javascript
{
  title: "M25 J25 clockwise access",
  category: "Road Works",
  delay: "Severe Disruption - in excess of 3 hours delay or road closure",
  link: "https://www.mycooltrafficsite.com/1234",
  timing: {
    start: "2020-07-07T21:00:00+01:00",
    end: "2020-07-08T05:00:00+01:00"
  },
  location: {
    road: "M25",
    county: "Greater London Authority",
    region: "Eastern",
    latitude: 51.68319,
    longitude: -0.04578481
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add type definitions (#6)
* build types file

* use export

* fix test

* use enum

* fix linting

* fix linting paths

* use enum

* fix all linting errrors

* update README

README.md, after:

# traffic
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/uk-traffic.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/uk-traffic)
![Node.js CI](https://github.com/AlexChesters/traffic/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)

A Node module to provide access to UK traffic information

# Prerequisities
Node 12.x

# Installation
`npm install uk-traffic --save`

# API
First you must obtain a reference to the module:
```javascript
const traffic = require('uk-traffic')
```

# Examples
There are some example uses of the library in the [`examples/`](./examples)
directory

## Properties

#### Incidents
```javascript
traffic.incidents(region: REGION?) : Promise
```
Takes a [region](#region), returns a promise containing an array of [events](#event).

#### Roadworks
```javascript
traffic.roadworks(region: REGION?) : Promise
```
Takes a [region](#region), returns a promise containing an array of [events](#event).

## Data Types
### Region
A Region is an enum representing a region which can be used to
narrow down results; you should use `traffic.Region` to get a valid region
(e.g. `traffic.Region.NORTH_WEST`). The available regions are:
```
SOUTH_EAST
SOUTH_WEST
EASTERN
WEST_MIDLANDS
EAST_MIDLANDS
NORTH_WEST
NORTH_EAST
```

### Event
An Event is the standard data type returned by the module for all
functions. See below for an example; all keys will be present, but they may have
`undefined` or `null` values.
```javascript
{
  title: "M25 J25 clockwise access",
  category: "Road Works",
  delay: "Severe Disruption - in excess of 3 hours delay or road closure",
  link: "https://www.mycooltrafficsite.com/1234",
  timing: {
    start: "2020-07-07T21:00:00+01:00",
    end: "2020-07-08T05:00:00+01:00"
  },
  location: {
    road: "M25",
    county: "Greater London Authority",
    region: "Eastern",
    latitude: 51.68319,
    longitude: -0.04578481
  }
}
```
